# AI-DatingApp

Must have stable-diffusion-webui installed to generate images
> https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui

This is a full-stack single-user dating application leveraging AI using Spring Boot for the backend and React for the frontend. The app combines familiar swipe and match mechanics of other dating apps with AI functionality. I Integrated AI services (Ollama, Stable Diffusion) to dynamically generate user profiles and enable conversational chatbots. There are controllers for Profiles, Matches, and Conversations.  

Profiles are generated by first randomizing age, gender, ethnicity, and personality type. This data is then used in a prompt template that is sent to Ollama to generate a dating app profile, and to Stable Diffusion to generate a dating app profile image. 

When a user swipes to the left, it creates a new Match entity that stores the profile id and a new Conversation entity. When the User sends a message to the AI profile it sends along the entire Conversation entity to Ollama along with both the User and AI profile data for the prompt template. 

# Set-up
Once you have the stable-diffusion-webui installed, add the api endpoint in the application.properties file to enable image generation.

# Tech Stack:
- Spring MVC
- Spring AI
- React
- MongoDB
- Ollama
- Stable-Diffusion-Webui
- GSON
- Docker

# Backend 
- Integrated AI services (Ollama, Stable Diffusion) in backend architecture 
- MongoDB for database management

## AI-generated Profiles 
- AI profiles generated using Ollama and Stable Diffusion to showcase how AI can be used to create dynamic content 

## AI-generated Conversations 
- AI-driven chatbots with unique personalities based on the AI-generated profiles. 

# Frontend 
- Responsive single-page application using React 
- State management using React hooks 
- Integration with backend APIs, handling asynchronous operations and real-time updates 
